He stood at one end of the hallway. He knew how far it stretched out in front of him, an infinite number of doors awaiting his touch. The doors opened to him, and only him. He had never found anybody in these hallways. This labyrinth of corridors, the maze of doors laid out before him was mind-boggling, and yet John didn’t need to think about it too hard. It didn’t matter. It was his life, and so it had gone.

He walked forward several steps, before finding a door on his left, just where it was meant to be. The door was minimal, only a deep crimson red with a black doorknob. It was smooth and waxy to the touch, like a billiard ball. A key could fit inside the key hole, but the door was unlocked and John didn’t have the key. It didn’t matter. Emblazoned at eye level was the text Chapter One, in slanted sans-serif typeface. John reached for the door briefly, but then hesitated. As he looked down the rest of the hallway, he saw other doors labeled with chapters, all in consecutive order. The design of each seemed similar to this first one, very simple and mild. It didn’t catch his eye. How many doors had he seen before now? It didn’t matter.

John stepped through the threshold of the door, now open before him. He didn’t remember opening it, but it didn’t matter. John, now clothed, was standing in the midst of a bustling hospital, only to be ordered out of the way by a nurse pushing a stretcher. A man covered in blood lay on top of it, howling at the top of his lungs. John didn’t know where he was, or what role he was supposed to play. But alas, it did not matter.
